Reddit Video Generator
The Reddit Video Generator is a Python script that allows you to create videos from Reddit posts. It fetches top posts from specified subreddits, converts the post text to speech, and combines it with background videos to create engaging videos. This README provides an overview of the project, its features, and how to use it.

Features
Fetch top Reddit posts from specified subreddits.
Convert post text to speech using text-to-speech (TTS) technology.
Combine TTS audio with background videos to create video clips.
Option to create full-length videos or split them into subclips.
Automatically selects random background videos for variety.
Saves video clips with part numbers for easy organization.
Requirements
Python 3.x
moviepy
Pillow (PIL)
praw
yt-dlp
colorama
imageio-ffmpeg
You can install the required Python packages using pip:

Copy code
pip install moviepy Pillow praw yt-dlp colorama imageio-ffmpeg
Configuration
Before using the Reddit Video Generator, you need to configure it. Configuration options can be set in the config.json file:

subreddits: List of subreddits to fetch posts from (e.g., "subreddits": "funny-pics-pics")
top_or_hot: Fetch top or hot posts from the subreddits (e.g., "top_or_hot": "top")
post_preview: Show a preview of fetched posts (true/false)
create_full: Create full-length videos (true/false)
create_subclips: Create subclips if create_full is false (true/false)
fps: Frames per second for video output
length_of_subclip: Maximum duration of subclips (in seconds)
background: Specify a background video (leave empty for random selection)
voice: 1 for Australian male voice, 2 for Australian female voice, 3 for manual selection
username: Your Reddit username (required for authentication)
password: Your Reddit password (required for authentication)
client_id: Your Reddit API client ID (required for authentication)
client_secret: Your Reddit API client secret (required for authentication)
video_download_dir: Directory to store downloaded background videos
audio_download_dir: Directory to store downloaded background audio
Usage
Configure the config.json file with your desired settings.

Run the main.py script to fetch Reddit posts and generate videos:

css
Copy code
python main.py
The script will fetch posts, generate videos, and save them in the specified output directory.

History and Licensing
The project history and licensing information can be found in the history.json file.

Acknowledgments
This project uses the following open-source libraries and tools:

moviepy
Pillow (PIL)
praw
yt-dlp
colorama
imageio-ffmpeg


License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

